I was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome when I was little (so i'm literally autistic), and while i don't 100% accept this diagnosis, I'm not completely convinced it's not correct either. I'm able to manage the worst of my depression and anxiety through routine and lifestyle, and have memorized enough do's and don'ts to navigate most but not all social interactions without upsetting people, but I have trouble focusing, remembering to do things, not offending people, and occasional bouts of crippling depression with self loathing and suicidal thoughts. At 27 years of age, I have dozens of moments per day where I think or even say out loud "being retarded sucks". When i'm coding though, I don't feel autistic anymore. 

When i'm coding, I get into a flow state and I don't feel anxious, don't think about suicide, and don't feel the need to drink. Even when I get frustrated, as all people who code do, I'm excited to find a solution. There is always a logical reason that the computer does what it does (not always the case with people), even if I haven't yet figured out what that reason is, and it is possible to find a rational solution by breaking down the problem into smaller and smaller components. Unlike the rules that dictate social interaction, which seem to update frequently, without warning and everyone but me understands these rules and I get penalized for breaking them, the  'rules' that dictate a computer's behavior stay the same even if software updates make it sometimes seem like they don't. Most importantly though, when I am learning something new with Python and it 'clicks', or when I figure out how to do something better than I was doing it before, I feel like a f\*\*\*ing genius. I feel like "Even though you are a complete (fornicating imbecile) in every other area of life, it looks like you have finally found something you are good at, Douchabag\_Dan!"

I am so grateful to live in an age where this exists. I'm so grateful that Python has such a helpful community that makes it easy to learn and get started. Just wanted to share my gratitude. Thanks for reading. 