Had a noteworthy event today I thought many people in here would get a kick out of. I work as the IT tutor at my school and has part of that I  handle any Intro to Programming appointments that we get. In the Intro classes, they use Python. So I had a student come in today, basically at her wit's end, border-line in tears. Short of the long: 5 weeks into class and she was not understanding the concepts and it was really frustrating her. Okay, so I hunker down and start working with her. In this case, focusing on loops (as that's chapter 6 in the book). He seems to kind of, sort of be getting it, if I hold her hand and lead her through it.

30 minutes in and we haven't really made any progress. I took a step back and started working with her on comparison operations. But she wasn't really getting that either. she is getting more frustrated. So I try to get her mind off the material for a moment.  Her phone flashes a reminder about "D&D party" tonight. So I ask if she plays D&D. She does, and we chat briefly about the campaign she's in (she plays a rogue, go figure). Then I hit on an idea.

 "You know a lot of early programmers were RPG players and because of  that a lot of what developed into modern programming was influenced and  based on RPG mechanics?"

She looked at me like I'm making a really bad setup for an even worse joke.

"I'm serious. How do you determine if you pass or fail a stat-test?" I ask.

 "Well, you determine what you need to roll over to pass, roll a dice,  add any modifiers you have and compare that to the first number." She explains, more energetically.

"So you perform a comparison operation?" I asked leadingly.

 "Well... no. I mean...  kind of... wait..." She stammers out, her response interspersed as she thinks and talks at the same time. 

I go to write on the White board: 


    if Dice_roll+modifiers >= needed\_roll:  
        you pass  
     else:  
         you fail

She looked at it for a long moment, you could see the gears turning in her head. 

 "So the variable, Dice\_Roll is added to the variable modifiers.. and that's compared to the needed roll. If the needed\_roll is higher... you  fail... otherwise... you pass." She parses out, once more thinking and speaking at the same time.

"Yeah... and what about this one?" I ask as I write on the board:

     while enemy\_attack == True:            
          player.cast(shield)

She looks at it for a minute. 

"So long as the enemy is attacking, cast the shield spell." she says.

"Nice, how about this one?" 

     for each enemy in hoard:  
          If player.hp > enemy.defense:  
               Target_enemy = True   
               while Target_enemy == True:  
                    player.attack(sword,enemy)

 "For each enemy in the hoard... check to see if the player Hit Points are greater then the that enemy's defense. If it is, target that enemy.  As long as that enemy is targeted, attack them."

"And you just worked through a while loop nested inside an if control statement that was inside a while loop." I explain.

 "What?" She says aghast. She quickly turns back to the board and starts studying the examples intently. I can see her eyes traveling across what I wrote.

"So this on is just a comparison operator?" She askes pointing to the dice roll I wrote out before.

"Yup." I respond.

 "And this is just a while loop that would tell the player character to  cast the shield spell."  She askes sounding more confident.

"Yup." I respond.

 Her entire face lights up in that unmistakable look of 'the light bulb turning on'. We start hammering through more examples of loops and control statements, fluctuating between the requirements of her assignments and using RPG examples.

So I guess it all depends on what material you use to explain it, right