I came into a great job doing tech support and didn’t know anything about programming. A month in, I saw they were doing some things manually like reading through “logs” for debugging and saw an opportunity. I told my boss of one month maybe we can automate some of this process. I didn’t give him any hard promises but said something to the effect of “let me see what I can do.”  I taught myself python for two and a half months and released a tool at work which does in 20 seconds, what used to take us sometimes up to an hour. 

Aside from everyone being super impressed and cutting down our work load by huge margins(this freeing up time for more important things), I believe it sets me apart from our other workers and shows they made a good choice bringing in new blood. A new realization has also now set in, I LOVE programming in Python. While I don’t get to program every single day due to having a family, I do dedicate a few hours a week to it and am exploring becoming a developer. 

Cheers everyone and don’t give up!

Edit

There seems to be a lot of interest in how I learned. 

I started out doing the two Microsoft classes on EdX. Every time I learned something new I immediately saw a function for it in my program. Slowly I implemented it into my program. It’s the program by the bald guy, I forget his name. He’s very boring unfortunately, but I’m very grateful to him for the information. I’m still very much a beginner programmer, but the biggest thing I have seen that helps is actually building something which solves a problem and you see how it functions by controlling the input and output. I also minimally looked at Automate the Boring Stuff, but I find that book also super useful. Another huge resource is actually reading the manuals and examples from Programiz. For example if the manual says A+B should equal C but I’m getting D then sit down and examine where I went awry. Sometimes I was stuck on a problem for a week or in one extreme case two weeks but I always figured it out and didn’t move on until I understood why I was wrong. 

Also Reddit was a huge resource.