This is just at celebratory post because I finally managed to actually show my manager and the local Excel/Database guy that python is worth investing time in.

Basically we have a problem with some data in a laboratory intercalibration test that is off the mark compared to the intercalibration average. In order to find the problem I had to extract between 6 and 15 values from each of around 100 excel workbooks. This was further complicated by the fact that we have password protection on our workbooks which meant power query (which I am not that familiar with to begin with) was complaining.

Instead I went to openpyxl, and managed in an hours time (including several iterations to improve the data extraction) to put together a script that opens the workbooks, extracts the data and returns min, max and averages as well as plotting histogram and historic development of this particular test result to see if we have seen a general trend in some direction (turns out we have).

My manager was happy that I could present the data visually, and my colleague (who is generally supportive, but usually only works in VBA and SQL) was thrilled that I could get so much data from so many workbooks in a minute, rather than when he has to make VBA open each workbook in excel to extract the data. This opens up the option to efficiently extract tons of data in old excel files and get them into our SQL database. Something he has been putting off for a while.

This is the first time I have produced actual value with Python at work, and it feels great to finally be at a stage where that is possible. Next up is to automate our microscopy analyses with openCV!

Sorry if this does not contribute much value here. I am just happy :)

I am cleaning up the code then I can publish it if there is interest, but currently it is a mess, because I didn't have a clear plan and just kinda made it up as I went along.

Edit1: So you don't have to find my comment below:
Here is the code (anonymized/company data replaced) https://pastebin.com/8Vg85WBG

Edit2: Wow this took off and may well end up as my highest rated post ever. Thanks for the kind words everyone, I love this community.