Posting this hopefully as an encouragement for others who are struggling learning this stuff to keep going.

The hump:

That initial stage when you're first learning where everything seems either way too simple to be of any use or way over your head so that you'll never comprehend it, so you feel stuck and unable to progress any further; then after some time you start to question how you managed to make it this far in life while being this stupid. Your brain labors to wrap itself around the understanding of these patterns and concepts that you know are simple logic, yet they elude your comprehension anyway, leading to tears of frustration and self deprecation. "I guess I'll just work Helpdesk my whole life", you start to think. Hey at least it's a job. You look at others' solutions to the practice projects/problems and you think "of course, that was so obvious. I'd have figured it out if I wasn't an idiot."

Then, finally, after several weeks or months or maybe even years, for some random reason or perhaps no reason at all, something clicks in your brain you finally start to "get it". 

I first started trying to even have any semblance of learning to code like 3-4 years ago. Started with the free Code Academy Python course and bounced around to a bunch of different courses and books. Lots of ragequitting, lots of being busy with the working father & husband life, lots of just procrastination quitting and gaming instead. Lots of feeling stupid for not being able to think in simple logic. 

But FINALLY, after trying to study and learn on the side here and there, after starting and restarting Automate the Boring Stuff like 3-4 times, I'm getting to the point where I can actually figure out the Practice Projects at the end of the chapters without having to go look up someone else's GitHub to get a solution. Obviously I still have quite a long way to go, but I'm *finally* starting to get over hump. Maybe I'm not retarded after all *sniff* 

So if you're also stuck trying to get over the hump, just keep going and keep trying. It'll click eventually. Even if it takes a while. I know that sounds oversimplified and unhelpful but that's the same advice I got and I've found it to be true. 

My current plan is to (finally) complete ATBS, then go through ATBS 2nd Edition just to see what new stuff is in there, then go on to complete CS50 via edX, and then I've got an Android development course on Udemy I bought a while back that maybe I can finally start on, and then from there, I don't know. I'm open to suggestions :) I'm trying to get to the point where I can actually work as a developer and get out of Helpdesk support, and maybe develop my own Android app(s) on the side.

But anyway, tl;dr: Keep going :)

EDIT: looks like someone posted the new MIT edX course so I hope I can complete that as well: https://www.reddit.com/r/learnpython/comments/esdgks/free_mitx_course_starts_today_jan_22_2019_on_edx