TL;DR-  I'd like to thank all of r/learnpython from the bottom of my heart for being an amazing and helpful resource from day 1 of my python journey.  Never give up on programming, and never stop learning. Practice, practice, practice.

One year ago, I started out with zero programming experience and zero security experience. I got placed in my high school's technology course to fill out my schedule. I spent about two weeks watching Bob Ross and following along in MS Paint before my teacher recommended that I learn something useful. He mentioned something called Python, and told me to look into it. I immediately fell in love with it. It was fun to use, easy to write, and extremely flexible. I struggled a lot when I first started, and my first program took me longer than I care to admit. It was extremely simple:

    num = int(input("Enter the number: "))
    if num == 1000:
        print("The number is 1000")
    elif num > 1000:
        print("The number is greater than 1000")
    elif num < 1000:
        print("The number is less than 1000")
    for i in range(num, 0, -1):
        print(str(i))

I struggled for three days with type errors and the loop threw me for a loop. It was frustrating, but the feeling of reward and pride when I saw those numbers printed out correctly inspired me to stick with it. Those, in my opinion, are the two most useful virtues to have when learning programming: passion and perseverance. I poured time into Python, spending 6-7 hours a day programming and the rest thinking up projects and reading reddit posts about programming.

Not long after, I decided to move on from small programming exercises and start a real project. I found that picking a project that forced me to learn new things about python greatly helped me. I wrote a text based dungeon crawler, and it taught me about classes, function, and dictionaries. It's a hot mess (4k lines of insane code- [you can see it here, in all its nasty glory](https://github.com/Mili-NT/Dungeon-Of-The-Silver-Key)). I was proud of it, and I honestly still am. The location system was insanely difficult for a new programmer, and it even drove me to tears on a few occasions. I was so proud I decided to enter it in my state's technology competition in project programming.  I won local and districts, but didn't place at state.

&#x200B;

After that, I discovered my other passion: cybersecurity. Like I did with Python, I fell in love with it and spent hours upon hours reading, doing CTF exercises, and messing around with networking. I decided that cybersecurity was what I wanted to do with my life. Just like python, what helped me most here was hands-on practice and time. Getting stuck in a cycle of reading and not practicing is easy, but you only really learn by doing. Doing hack the boxes, Capture The Flags (such as the ones at [over the wire](https://overthewire.org/wargames/)), and messing around with vulnerable VMs like DVWA and Metasploitable was crucial to learning for me.

Over the summer, I got an entry level IT support job with a contractor that worked with my high school. It was a lot of grunt labor at first, hauling obsolete systems off for disposal and such. As the summer progressed, we started updating chromebooks by hand for 9 hours a day. I was bored as all hell, so I turned once again to python. I wrote a small script to scrape public text documents off of pastebin. It was slow, got banned every 40 minutes or so, and really was just a stream of random data deposited in a onedrive folder for me to look through.

&#x200B;

Over the summer and through the year, I honed it into the crown jewel of my python projects. It went from a shitty script made from boredom to a tool for malware collection and data analysis. I dubbed it [BinBot](https://github.com/Mili-NT/BinBot) and worked on it constantly. I decided to enter it in the tech competition again. I swept locals, and impressed the judges so much that one judge offered to put in a recommendation to a manager he knew for a part time job at the google HQ in Atlanta.

Today was the regional competition. I presented BinBot as an open source threat intelligence program. I demonstrated how it worked, what it's potential in a security workflow was, and to accompany it, I walked the judges through an analysis of an Emotet sample I did. I showed how BinBot alerted me to a potentially malicious URL, how I retrieved the malicious word doc and deobfuscated the powershell payload, and fetched the live payload from a compromised domain and ran it through HybridAnalysis. They were extremely impressed, and I won first place.

&#x200B;

Afterwards, the regional IT supervisor and the head of the board of education came up to me and offered me a job as a Database Administrator. They said the old admin has retired, and that they wanted to hire me. The work is fully remote and has government benefits, which means I can continue doing it when I go off to college. I'll be setting up, writing queries for, and maintaining every database in the entire district. I'm extremely excited and grateful.

Thank all of you for helping me, answering my stupid questions, and never stop learning. Hack on, brothers.  


edit: Link to a markdown version of the emotet analysis [https://pastebin.com/FgcDQt3g](https://pastebin.com/FgcDQt3g)