So last year February I decided to revisit programming in a serious way starting with Python and I'm glad I did because it changed my job for the positive.  That lead to learning SQL, PHP, and the LAMP stack in general.

Let me cut to the chase.  Back in 2000 I went to university for a bachelors in computer science / engineering and after having such an awful experience my first semester I changed my major to Computer Information Systems which is a similar degree but more of an IT background with lite coding involved.  I spent the last few days thinking about why my first semester sucked so bad that I changed majors and this sums it up.

Try to imagine being asked to learn C++ as your first language, without the aid of a computer, by reading the text book, and taking tests on paper.  This was the method used at a major State school in the year 2000 for your intro to programming.  I was put in an auditorium holding around 400 kids, all looking forward to a giant projector and an Indian guy who spoke shaky english writing stuff down.  We weren't in a computer lab, we didn't have the C++ environment in front of us.  Just a guy who opened the class by saying "Look to your right, look to your left, neither of them will pass this course.  This course has a 30% pass rate.  Now I already had my own insecurities, but this totally mindf\*\*\*ked me into assuming I wasn't meant to do this.  I look at the content of C++ now and laugh, there's nothing here to be taken so seriously, I was simply in a crap environment, being subjected to a crap method of teaching and deliberately squeezed into a stressful weed-out environment, and to what end?  To make me put off coding for 20 years?  It's really sad when I think about the lost time.  /rant\_end.  To all young people getting into coding now, it's such a wonderful thing to have learning options like codecademy around and all manner of online teaching environments with the language environment at your fingertips to learn and code right along with the lesson.  It's really an entire world apart from the bullsh\*t I was offered 20 years ago.  