I wanted to share something with all of you that meant a lot to me. I hope that's ok.

I work as a lab assistant for a huge company, I've been there for over a year and I've
felt like my life is going nowhere for some time. In order to give myself a boost I decided
to take up learning Python. I've sat at a computer since I was a kid so it felt like a natural
choice. [I started following this video lesson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfscVS0vtbw)
It's a blast, and I go back to work Monday evening having sat through just under 3 hours of it.
Around 2am at work I get an idea.

  
I decide to give myself some homework, something I **think** I should be able to do with what I've
learned so far, but still very tricky for a beginner like myself. I decide to make a little keypad program.
I outline my idea on a piece of paper, what I hope to make it do and rough ideas how, I come home
and I go to bed.

  
I wake up, start pycharm on my brand new laptop and I'm stuck, completely. I have no idea what to do.
So I decide to write something, anything to get going. I print a simple message for the user:

"You're standing in front of a door with a keypad. You need the correct 4-digit code to unlock it".

Then it slowly starts rolling. If statements, while loop, elif, user inputs, else, I'm feeling on fire at this point.
It's constantly three steps forward, two steps back, sometimes everything breaks and I'm downing coffee
like it's the last day on earth but after a few hours, there it is. I did it. The very last thing I do is add a break
if the user successfully enters the right numbers in the right order, print a final message to the user:
"This is where the adventure begins, are you ready?" Super cheesey I know.

  
I'm on cloud 9. I had an idea, I outlined it, started, worked through the problems, finished it. It might not be pretty but it WORKS!

  
I get it now, I get how addicting it is and tonight when i'm at work, you can bet I will come up with another 
piece of homework to myself. Thank you all so much, you are all amazing.