...you don't learn how to google stuff for yourself. While this may come across as a wild rant, I'm not posting this just to vent. I'm posting this to help you learn how to become a better Python programmer, hacker, or whatever prompted you to learn Python.

This post is about teaching a person to fish, not giving some people a fish because they couldn't be bothered to try. Learning how to search and research is one of the most important skills that you need to learn in order to be good at programming or anything else in IT.  In every IT job I've ever had, the best have some things in common, including the ability to search google before posting intelligent questions. Some of the worst people I've worked with were lazy and wouldn't try to find the answers for themselves.

First, I'll preface this by saying that you absolutely should ask questions and ask for help... after you've at least tried to Google for the really obvious stuff first. Then come back here and ask intelligent questions. But freaking please, don't ask us to be your Google because you were too damn lazy.

Intelligent questions would be like "I'm learning about 'X'. Here's my code (properly indented), but I've having trouble understanding this issue or error. I googled and found 'X' but I don't understand 'Y'. Or could someone recommend a module that does "Y". I've read about a few but which one is better.

Every damn day I see people coming on this sub and asking stuff that's painfully obvious that they want us to do their homework, or they got this error, and if they had bothered to Google search they would see they need to do a pip install X because the module wasn't installed. Earlier I answered a question "how to start?" when this sub's wiki answers all of that but the person never bothered to look for the answer themselves. Also, we all LOVE it when people post no code and no error, or unindented code. Please try harder if you want others to try to help you!

This morning this was (all in the same post):

Following are the things which want to know:-

1. Steps on hosting a website
2. How to get custom domain name and use it in my website
3. How to update the contents(static files, logic etc) after hosting it online!!

We are not your replacement for Google! If you can't even bother to do an Internet search for the simple things and ask intelligent questions, you're going to fail! You'll never be good at anything if you expect to be fed everything and can't research anything for yourself! I've never met a good programmer, hacker, or anyone in tech who was any good without being able google search for answers. The worst people I've ever worked with were those that could not or would not try before asking for help, because they just add their problems to your already overloaded workload like a boat anchor.

Can I get an amen?

Edit: This post isn't meant as a flame to newbs, cause I are one. This post was meant to help make some of us better and learn. I could understand backlash for my post if I just ranted about newbs, but no, I also posted about specifically what newbs can do to succeed.   
